Here are two versions of this project that I did.

In the first attempt, I followed a basic next app starter, and got some work MVP's with ChatGPT working and Leetcode API working. However, I quickly discovered that this may not be scalable because of my heavy reliance on LeetCode as well as making ChatGPT calls per user. Also, my frontend was a bit clunky, since I was effectively doing a MPA with NextJS and thought the framework might've been overkill for my use case, since mine is mostly for an app where a user is logged in.

In the second attempt, I opted for a simpler approach, and tried using an express backend to decouple the backend a bit more. Additionally, the front end was a simpler Vite App that required less overhead. I got pretty far in learning backend concepts with this, but still realized that I may need more of a dedicated backend to work with, in order to make batch requests for Open AI work.

In the third attempt, I was still figuring out how NextJS works. I think now I have a new understanding of what I want my UI to look like. I want more pages to be available without being authenticated, and to decrease the scope of what I'm trying to do. Also, I'm moving all the AI functions to the python scripts instead of having them baked into the next app.

In the fourth attempt, I tried using Theo.gg's T3 Web App Stack. However, it got a little complicated and there were too many layers of abstraction. I struggled a lot to get Prisma to work, especially since there were some polymorphic foreign key relations due to the fact that there was a table referencing both NextAuth and SupabaseAuth users. I think the idea behind the web app stack seems nice, but it seems like there's a lot of similar things with Supabase (tRPC <-> Server Actions, Prisma <-> Types Generator), that it seemed more important to just use something from Supabase out of box rather than worry too much about scale right now.

In the first attempt of the chrome extension, I wrote things in HTML, CSS, and Vanilla JS. This got me some success, as I was able to create requests and use the HTTP Only cookies to make requests to the submissions API, and then forward it to my API for logging. However, I was worried about the security of this endpoint, so I started looking into store auth state in the extension. To do this, I set up the extension again with webpack / javascript. This got increasingly complicated however, and I didn't want to figure out how to refresh JWT in chrome local storage. Then, I pivoted to using the messages and content scripts. Finally, this gave me a way to pass data while keeping the clients dumb and not having to worry too much about credential storage. The code got messy, and so I decided to restart with type script due to frequent errors that wouldn't surface until runtime.
